Add option to limit the memory usage of Lua code (#212)
scoder/lupa: README.rst

        AttributeError: not allowed to write attribute "noway"

Restricting Lua Memory Usage
----------------------------

Lupa provides a simple mechanism to control the maximum memory
usage of the Lua Runtime since version 2.0.
By default Lupa does not interfere with Lua's memory allocation, to opt-in
you must set the ``max_memory`` when creating the LuaRuntime.

> Lupa provides three helper functions for controlling and getting the
> memory usage of the LuaRuntime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``LuaRuntime`` provides three methods for controlling and reading the
memory usage:
```

1. ``get_memory_used(total=False)`` to get the current memory
   usage of the LuaRuntime.

2. ``get_max_memory(total=False)`` to get the current memory limit.
   ``0`` means there is no memory limitation.

3. ``set_max_memory(max_memory, total=False)`` to change the memory limit.
   Values below or equal to 0 mean no limit.

> There is always some memory used by the LuaRuntime itself (around ~20KiB,
> depends on your lua version and other factors) which is excluded from all
> calculations unless specifying ``total=True``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is always some memory used by the LuaRuntime itself (around ~20KiB,
depending on your lua version and other factors) which is excluded from all
calculations unless you specify ``total=True``.
```

.. code:: python

        >>> lua = LuaRuntime(max_memory=0)  # 0 for unlimited, default is None
        >>> lua.get_memory_used()  # memory used by your code
        0

>         >>> lua.get_memory_used(total=True)  # includes memory used by the runtime itself
>         21358  # this will depend on your lua version and other factors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        >>> total_lua_memory = lua.get_memory_used(total=True)  # includes memory used by the runtime itself
        >>> assert total_lua_memory > 0  # exact amount depends on your lua version and other factors
```

Lua code hitting the memory limit will receive memory errors:

.. code:: python
      
        >>> lua.set_max_memory(100)
        >>> lua.eval("string.rep('a', 1000)")
        Traceback (most recent call last):
         ...

>         lupa.LuaMemoryError: not enough memory

Author: This is throwing a `lupa.lua<version>.LuaMemoryError`, so the doctests fail here

>         >>> lua.eval("string.rep('a', 1000)")
>         Traceback (most recent call last):
>          ...
>         lupa.LuaMemoryError: not enough memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        >>> lua.eval("string.rep('a', 1000)")   # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
        Traceback (most recent call last):
         ...
        lupa...LuaMemoryError: not enough memory
```

>         >>> lua.eval("string.rep('a', 1000)")   # doctest: +ELLIPSIS
>         Traceback (most recent call last):
>          ...
>         ...LuaMemoryError: not enough memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        >>> lua.eval("string.rep('a', 1000)")   # doctest: +IGNORE_EXCEPTION_DETAIL
        Traceback (most recent call last):
         ...
        lupa.LuaMemoryError: not enough memory
```

>         lupa...LuaMemoryError: not enough memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ...LuaMemoryError: not enough memory
```
